we're
live um
hi got a whole bunch of stuff to do
today I'm a little bit late today had to
do a couple things in the evening last
night um but looks like everything is
going to be in a good spot on the
environment side I think the main thing
we're going to do today is going to
be uh
documentation clean up General like
preparing the library to be easy to use
good for release type stuff also
especially testing the
docks th000 calorie mug
V5 speaking of
L daily update
is it Dex
Dex about dexr okay
and not
tight all right
enough of
that here
is the current docs
page things to do um there's a obnoxious
scaling issue here there are docs to add
for individual environments
and then there are we got this done
yesterday so most of these now have nice
baselines couple things still in
development I added Robo code as well
online yesterday I'm hoping that
somebody actually comes and helps us uh
do this
because yeah it's here I can control it
right it's a really cool environment
just needs some work
and I think that this is
probably what we're going to do
today so right now we
have all this
stuff in
documentation trying to think if I want
to
do some sort of automated test for this
I think that would probably be good to
have like an automated docs test now the
thing that's annoying with that and the
reason that I'm hesitant is because it
can get out of
sync
um so it might just be better
to I don't like having this thing that's
not actually pastable
code but I don't want to use like an API
do
generator I mean this really shouldn't
take that long to get to be correct um
so it's going to be
more more about what I want to
improve uh with the API if anything
well I mean there are heck of a lot of
things that need um fixing so I think
it's just going to be a matter of today
I got 3 hours for morning stream I'm
just going to start playing around with
puffer and uh sanding off rough edges I
think that'll probably be the most
productive thing because I haven't done
that in a
while just trying out different stuff
and pushing lots of small fixes yeah
that'll be the most productive use of
time right now
um because we're waiting on a couple
additional environments to come in and
uh there's going to be some work
Associated but they're not ready yet so
I know I'm going to have to do
this definitely going to have to do
this let's make this
term this big
oh and I also I
didn't mention
um I should probably make some
announcements about
this for
little
advertising okay
what is this authorization
authorization what in the hell is this
right
oh
okay that's this is not
um this is not a puffer thing this is
just a my desktop setup thing
all right that's fine so this is the
only
warning Huffer lib strongly suggest
really like to know why this camera keep
screwing up as
well let me just make sure the cable on
this thing is not
loose
no
see
oops now I've got it misaligned with the
green screen
good enough
right
yeah okay so there's this
warning I really don't like the way that
this happens here
like this does this looks like an
internal Library thing
right how do you get this
cleanly I don't want to raise a system
exception maybe I do
actually it's a really bad idea to run
VC with the wrong number of processor
says one
puff let me think about that
I really should start a
dock I hate having to start docks and
stuff like this
but I'm going to do it on my personal so
I don't leak important stuff
I'm probably just going to even use this
just for today anyways so
you can't automatically
set I think raising an exception
almost would be better yeah cuz warning
is warning is
obnoxious there's like nothing you do to
silence it it's just
there and you kind of just ignore it
what would you call this thing like
veala yeah
let's do something here
so e
okay and then what we'll do
where's
this let's do like this
yeah right
here I always forget how to do like
clean multi-line strings without uh line
breaks in Python
I always forget if it's like triple
quotes I think you end up including the
line
breaks
what it started responding and then gave
me the error
I thought triple quotes gives you
use Dent when you need that's
insane
what oh oh there's a function
that's really obnoxious we're not doing
that
I thought there was like a
simpler yeah so print works like that
this doesn't
though so I think you just have to do
like
e
e e
that's decent